<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>IX: A Proposale</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-9" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">IX</h2>
				<h3 epub:type="title">A Proposale</h3>
			</hgroup>
			<p>Next morning while imbibing his morning tea beneath his pink silken quilt Bernard decided he must marry Ethel with no more delay. I love the girl he said to himself and she must be mine but I somehow feel I can not propose in London it would not be seemly in the city of London. We must go for a day in the country and when surrounded by the gay twittering of the birds and the smell of the cows I will lay my suit at her feet and he waved his arm wildly at the gay thought. Then he sprang from bed and gave a rat tat at Ethels door.</p>
			<p>Are you up my dear he called.</p>
			<p>Well not quite said Ethel hastilly jumping from her downy nest.</p>
			<p>Be quick cried Bernard I have a plan to spend a day near Windsor Castle and we will take our lunch and spend a happy day.</p>
			<p>Oh Hurrah shouted Ethel I shall soon be ready as I had my bath last night so wont wash very much now.</p>
			<p>No dont said Bernard and added in a rarther fervent tone through the chink of the door you are fresher than the rose my dear no soap could make you fairer.</p>
			<p>Then he dashed off very embarrased to dress. Ethel blushed and felt a bit excited as she heard the words and she put on a new white muslin dress in a fit of high spirits. She looked very beautifull with some red roses in her hat and the dainty red ruge in her cheeks looked quite the thing. Bernard heaved a sigh and his eyes flashed as he beheld her and Ethel thorght to herself what a fine type of manhood he reprisented with his nice thin legs in pale broun trousers and well fitting spats and a red rose in his button hole and rarther a sporting cap which gave him a great air with its quaint check and little flaps to pull down if necesarry. Off they started the envy of all the waiters.</p>
			<p>They arrived at Windsor very hot from the jorney and Bernard at once hired a boat to row his beloved up the river. Ethel could not row but she much enjoyed seeing the tough sunburnt arms of Bernard tugging at the oars as she lay among the rich cushons of the dainty boat. She had a rarther lazy nature but Bernard did not know of this. However he soon got dog tired and sugested lunch by the mossy bank.</p>
			<p>Oh yes said Ethel quickly opening the sparkling champaigne.</p>
			<p>Dont spill any cried Bernard as he carved some chicken.</p>
			<p>They eat and drank deeply of the charming viands ending up with merangs and choclates.</p>
			<p>Let us now bask under the spreading trees said Bernard in a passiunate tone.</p>
			<p>Oh yes lets said Ethel and she opened her dainty parasole and sank down upon the long green grass. She closed her eyes but she was far from asleep. Bernard sat beside her in profound silence gazing at her pink face and long wavy eye lashes. He puffed at his pipe for some moments while the larks gaily caroled in the blue sky. Then he edged a trifle closer to Ethels form.</p>
			<p>Ethel he murmured in a trembly voice.</p>
			<p>Oh what is it said Ethel hastily sitting up.</p>
			<p>Words fail me ejaculated Bernard horsly my passion for you is intense he added fervently. It has grown day and night since I first beheld you.</p>
			<p>Oh said Ethel in supprise I am not prepared for this and she lent back against the trunk of the tree.</p>
			<p>Bernard placed one arm tightly round her. When will you marry me Ethel he uttered you must be my wife it has come to that I love you so intensly that if you say no I shall perforce dash my body to the brink of yon muddy river he panted wildly.</p>
			<p>Oh dont do that implored Ethel breathing rarther hard.</p>
			<p>Then say you love me he cried.</p>
			<p>Oh Bernard she sighed fervently I certinly love you madly you are to me like a Heathen god she cried looking at his manly form and handsome flashing face I will indeed marry you.</p>
			<p>How soon gasped Bernard gazing at her intensly.</p>
			<p>As soon as possible said Ethel gently closing her eyes.</p>
			<p>My Darling whispered Bernard and he seiezed her in his arms we will be marrid next week.</p>
			<p>Oh Bernard muttered Ethel this is so sudden.</p>
			<p>No no cried Bernard and taking the bull by both horns he kissed her violently on her dainty face. My bride to be he murmered several times.</p>
			<p>Ethel trembled with joy as she heard the mistick words.</p>
			<p>Oh Bernard she said little did I ever dream of such as this and she suddenly fainted into his out stretched arms.</p>
			<p>Oh I say gasped Bernard and laying the dainty burden on the grass he dashed to the waters edge and got a cup full of the fragrant river to pour on his true loves pallid brow.</p>
			<p>She soon came to and looked up with a sickly smile Take me back to the Gaierty hotel she whispered faintly.</p>
			<p>With plesure my darling said Bernard I will just pack up our viands ere I unloose the boat.</p>
			<p>Ethel felt better after a few drops of champagne and began to tidy her hair while Bernard packed the remains of the food. Then arm in arm they tottered to the boat.</p>
			<p>I trust you have not got an illness my darling murmured Bernard as he helped her in.</p>
			<p>Oh no I am very strong said Ethel I fainted from joy she added to explain matters.</p>
			<p>Oh I see said Bernard handing her a cushon well some people do he added kindly and so saying they rowed down the dark stream now flowing silently beneath a golden moon. All was silent as the lovers glided home with joy in their hearts and radiunce on their faces only the sound of the mystearious water lapping against the frail vessel broke the monotony of the night.</p>
			<p>So I will end my chapter.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
