<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 2: Starting Gaily</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-2" epub:type="chapter">
			<h2 epub:type="title">
				<span epub:type="z3998:roman">II</span>
				<span epub:type="subtitle">Starting Gaily</span>
			</h2>
			<p>When the great morning came <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena did not have an egg for his brekfast in case he should be sick on the jorney.</p>
			<p>What top hat will you wear asked Ethel.</p>
			<p>I shall wear my best black and my white alpacka coat to keep off the dust and flies replied <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena.</p>
			<p>I shall put some red ruge on my face said Ethel because I am very pale owing to the drains in this house.</p>
			<p>You will look very silly said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena with a dry laugh.</p>
			<p>Well so will you said Ethel in a snappy tone and she ran out of the room with a very superier run throwing out her legs behind and her arms swinging in rithum.</p>
			<p>Well said the owner of the house she has a most idiotick run.</p>
			<p>Presently Ethel came back in her best hat and a lovly velvit coat of royal blue. Do I look nice in my get up she asked.</p>
			<p><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena survayed her. You look rarther rash my dear your colors dont quite match your face but never mind I am just going up to say goodbye to Rosalind the housemaid.</p>
			<p>Well dont be long said Ethel. <abbr>Mr.</abbr> <abbr class="name">S.</abbr> skipped upstairs to Rosalinds room. Goodbye Rosalind he said I shall be back soon and I hope I shall enjoy myself.</p>
			<p>I make no doubt of that sir said Rosalind with a blush as <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena silently put <abbr class="currency">2/6</abbr> on the dirty toilet cover.</p>
			<p>Take care of your bronkitis said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> <abbr class="name">S.</abbr> rarther bashfully and he hastilly left the room waving his hand carelessly to the housemaid.</p>
			<p>Come along cried Ethel powdering her nose in the hall let us get into the cab. <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena did not care for powder but he was an unselfish man so he dashed into the cab. Sit down said Ethel as the cabman waved his whip you are standing on my luggage. Well I am paying for the cab said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> <abbr class="name">S.</abbr> so I might be allowed to put my feet were I like.</p>
			<p>They traveled 2nd class in the train and Ethel was longing to go first but thought perhaps least said soonest mended. <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena got very excited in the train about his visit. Ethel was calm but she felt excited inside. Bernard has a big house said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> <abbr class="name">S.</abbr> gazing at Ethel he is inclined to be rich.</p>
			<p>Oh indeed said Ethel looking at some cows flashing past the window. <abbr>Mr.</abbr> <abbr class="name">S.</abbr> felt rarther disheartened so he read the paper till the train stopped and the porters shouted Rickamere station. We had better collect our traps said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena and just then a very exalted footman in a cocked hat and olive green uniform put his head in at the window. Are you for Rickamere Hall he said in impressive tones.</p>
			<p>Well yes I am said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena and so is this lady.</p>
			<p>Very good sir said the noble footman if you will alight I will see to your luggage there is a convayance awaiting you.</p>
			<p>Oh thankyou thankyou said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> <abbr class="name">S.</abbr> and he and Ethel stepped along the platform. Outside they found a lovely cariage lined with olive green cushons to match the footman and the horses had green bridles and bows on their manes and tails. They got gingerly in. Will he bring our luggage asked Ethel nervously.</p>
			<p>I expect so said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena lighting a very long cigar.</p>
			<p>Do we tip him asked Ethel quietly.</p>
			<p>Well no I dont think so not yet we had better just thank him perlitely.</p>
			<p>Just then the footman staggered out with the bagage. Ethel bowed gracefully over the door of the cariage and <abbr>Mr.</abbr> <abbr class="name">S.</abbr> waved his hand as each bit of luggage was hoisted up to make sure it was all there. Then he said thankyou my good fellow very politely. Not at all sir said the footman and touching his cocked hat he jumped actively to the box.</p>
			<p>I was right not to tip him whispered <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena the thing to do is to leave <abbr class="currency">2/6</abbr> on your dressing table when your stay is over.</p>
			<p>Does he find it asked Ethel who did not really know at all how to go on at a visit. I beleeve so replied <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena anyhow it is quite the custom and we cant help it if he does not. Now my dear what do you think of the sceenery</p>
			<p>Very nice said Ethel gazing at the rich fur rug on her knees. Just then the cariage rolled into a beautifull drive with tall trees and big red flowers growing amid shiny dark leaves. Presently the haughty coachman pulled up with a great clatter at a huge front door with tall pillers each side a big iron bell and two very clean scrapers. The doors flung open as if by majic causing Ethel to jump and a portly butler appeared on the scene with a very shiny shirt front and a huge pale face. Welcome sir he exclaimed good naturedly as <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena alighted rarther quickly from the viacle and please to step inside.</p>
			<p><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena stepped in as bid followed by Ethel. The footman again struggled with the luggage and the butler Francis Minnit by name kindly lent a hand. The hall was very big and hung round with guns and mate and ancesters giving it a gloomy but a grand air. The butler then showed them down a winding corridoor till he came to a door which he flung open shouting <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena and a lady sir.</p>
			<p>A tall man of 29 rose from the sofa. He was rarther bent in the middle with very nice long legs fairish hair and blue eyes. Hullo Alf old boy he cried so you have got here all safe and no limbs broken.</p>
			<p>None thankyou Bernard replied <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena shaking hands and let me introduce Miss Monticue she is very pleased to come for this visit. Oh yes gasped Ethel blushing through her red ruge. Bernard looked at her keenly and turned a dark red. I am glad to see you he said I hope you will enjoy it but I have not arranged any partys yet as I dont know anybody.</p>
			<p>Dont worry murmered Ethel I dont mix much in Socierty and she gave him a dainty smile.</p>
			<p>I expect you would like some tea said Bernard I will ring.</p>
			<p>Yes indeed we should said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena egerly. Bernard pealed on the bell and the butler came in with a stately walk.</p>
			<p>Tea please Minnit crid Bernard Clark. With pleshure sir replied Minnit with a deep bow. A glorious tea then came in on a gold tray two kinds of bread and butter a lovly jam role and lots of sugar cakes. Ethels eyes began to sparkle and she made several remarks during the meal. I expect you would now like to unpack said Bernard when it was over.</p>
			<p>Well yes that is rarther an idear said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena.</p>
			<p>I have given the best spare room to Miss Monticue said Bernard with a gallant bow and yours turning to <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena opens out of it so you will be nice and friendly both the rooms have big windows and a handsome view.</p>
			<p>How charming said Ethel. Yes well let us go up replied Bernard and he led the way up many a winding stairway till they came to an oak door with some lovly swans and bull rushes painted on it. Here we are he cried gaily. Ethels room was indeed a handsome compartment with purple silk curtains and a 4 post bed draped with the same shade. The toilit set was white and mouve and there were some violets in a costly varse. Oh I say cried Ethel in supprise. I am glad you like it said Bernard and here we have yours Alf. He opened the dividing doors and portrayed a smaller but dainty room all in pale yellow and wild primroses. My own room is next the bath room said Bernard it is decerated dark red as I have somber tastes. The bath room has got a tip up bason and a hose thing for washing your head.</p>
			<p>A good notion said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena who was secretly getting jellus.</p>
			<p>Here we will leave our friends to unpack and end this Chapter.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
