<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 4: Mr. Salteenas Plan</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-4" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">IV</h2>
				<h3 epub:type="title"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteenas Plan</h3>
			</hgroup>
			<p><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena woke up rarther early next day and was supprised and delighted to find Horace the footman entering with a cup of tea.</p>
			<p>Oh thankyou my man said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena rolling over in the costly bed. <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Clark is nearly out of the bath sir anounced Horace I will have great plesure in turning it on for you if such is your desire. Well yes you might said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena seeing it was the idear and Horace gave a profound bow.</p>
			<p>Ethel are you getting up shouted <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena.</p>
			<p>Very nearly replied Ethel faintly from the next room.</p>
			<p>I say said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena excitedly I have had some tea in bed.</p>
			<p>So have I replied Ethel.</p>
			<p>Then <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena got into a mouve dressing goun with yellaw tassles and siezing his soap he wandered off to the bath room which was most sumpshous. It had a lovly white shiny bath and sparkling taps and several towels arrayed in readiness by thourghtful Horace. It also had a step for climbing up the bath and other good dodges of a rich nature. <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena washed himself well and felt very much better. After brekfast <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena asked Bernard if he could have some privite conversation with him. Well yes replied Bernard if you will come into my study we can have a few words.</p>
			<p>Cant I come too muttered Ethel sulkily.</p>
			<p>No my dear said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena this is privite.</p>
			<p>Perhaps later I might have a privite chat with you Miss Monticue said Bernard kindly.</p>
			<p>Oh do lets said Ethel.</p>
			<p>Then Bernard and <abbr>Mr.</abbr> <abbr class="name">S.</abbr> strolled to the study and sat upon two arm chairs. Fire away said Bernard lighting his pipe. Well I cant exactly do that said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena in slow tones it is a searious matter and you can advise me as you are a thorugh gentleman I am sure.</p>
			<p>Well yes said Bernard what can I do for you eh Alf?</p>
			<p>You can help me perhaps to be more like a gentleman said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena getting rarther hot I am quite alright as they say but I would like to be the real thing can it be done he added slapping his knees.</p>
			<p>I dont quite know said Bernard it might take a good time.</p>
			<p>Might it said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> <abbr class="name">S.</abbr> but I would slave for years if need be. Bernard scratched his head. Why dont you try the Crystal Pallace he asked several peaple Earls and even dukes have privite compartments there.</p>
			<p>But I am not an Earl said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena in a purplexed tone.</p>
			<p>True replied Bernard but I understand there are sort of students there who want to get into the War Office and notable banks.</p>
			<p>Would that be a help asked <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena egerly.</p>
			<p>Well it might said Bernard I can give you a letter to my old pal the Earl of Clincham who lives there he might rub you up and by mixing with him you would probably grow more seemly.</p>
			<p>Oh ten thousand thanks said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena I will go there as soon as it can be arranged if you would be so kind as to keep an eye on Ethel while I am away.</p>
			<p>Oh yes said Bernard I may be running up to town for a few days and she could come too.</p>
			<p>You are too kind said <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Salteena and I dont think you will find her any trouble.</p>
			<p>No I dont think I shall said Bernard she is a pretty girl cheerful and active. And he blushed rarther red.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
