<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 7</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-8" epub:type="chapter">
			<h2>CHAPTER 7</h2>
			<h4>BERNARDS IDEAR</h4>
			<p>After Mr. Salteena had departed Bernard Clark thourght he would show Ethel over his house so they spent a merry morning so doing. Ethel passed bright remarks on all the rooms and Bernard thourght she was most pretty and Ethel began to be a bit excited. After a lovly lunch they sat in the gloomy hall and Ethel began to feel very glad Mr. Salteena was not there. Suddenly Bernard lit his pipe I was thinking he said passionately what about going up to London for a weeks Gaierty.</p>
			<p>Who inquired Ethel in a low tone.</p>
			<p>You and me said Bernard I know of several splendid hotels and we could go to theaters and parties and enjoy ourselves to the full.</p>
			<p>So we could what an idear cried Ethel.</p>
			<p>So the merry plan was all arranged and they spent the afternoon in packing there trunks. Next day they were all ready in the hall when the handsome viacle once more clattered up. Ethel had on her blue velvit get up and a sweet new hat and plenty of ruge on her face and looked quite a seemly counterpart for Bernard who was arrayed in a white and shiny mackintosh top boots and a well brushed top hat tied on to him with a bit of black elastick.</p>
			<p>Well goodbye Minnit he cried to the somber butler take care of your gout and the silver and I will pay your wages when I come back.</p>
			<p>Thankyou kindly sir murmured Minnit when may I expect your return.</p>
			<p>Oh well I will wire he said and dashed doun the steps.</p>
			<p>Ethel followed with small lady like steps having bowed perlitely to Minnit who closed his eyes in acknowlegment of her kindness.</p>
			<p>The sun was shining and Ethel had the feeling of going to a very jolly party and felt so sorry for all the passers by who were not going to London with Bernard.</p>
			<p>Arrived in the gay city Bernard hailed a eab to the manner born and got in followed by Ethel. Kindly drive us to the Gaierty Hotel he cried in a firm tone. The cabman waved his whip and off they dashed.</p>
			<p>We shall be highly comfortable and select at the Gaierty said Bernard and he thourght to himself how lovly it would be if he was married to Ethel. He blushed a deep shade at his own thourghts and gave a side long glance at Ethel who was gazing out of the window. Well one never knows he murmerd to himself and as one of the poets says great events from trivil causes springs.</p>
			<p>Just then they stopped at the gay hotel and Ethel was spellbound at the size of the big hall⁠—Bernard poked his head into the window of the pay desk. Have you a coupple of bedrooms for self and young lady he enquired in a lordly way.</p>
			<p>A very handsome lady with golden hair and a lace apron glanced at a book and hastilly replied Oh yes sir two beauties on the 1st floor number 9 and 10.</p>
			<p>Thankyou said Bernard we will go up if you have no objection.</p>
			<p>None whatever sir said the genial lady the beds are well aired and the view is quite pleasant.</p>
			<p>Come along Ethel cried Bernard this sounds alright eh.</p>
			<p>Oh quite said Ethel with a beaming smile.</p>
			<p>They went upstairs and entered number 9 a very fine compartment with a large douny bed and white doors with glass handles leading into number 10 an equally dainty room but a trifle smaller.</p>
			<p>Which will you have Ethel asked Bernard.</p>
			<p>Oh well I would rarther you settled it said Ethel. I am willing to abide by your choice.</p>
			<p>The best shall be yours then said Bernard bowing gallantly and pointing to the biggest room.</p>
			<p>Ethel blushed at his speaking look. I shall be quite lost in that huge bed she added to hide her embarassment.</p>
			<p>Yes I expect you will said Bernard and now what about a little table d’ote followed by a theater.</p>
			<p>Oh yes cried Ethel and downstairs they went.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
