<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>I: Quite a Young Girl</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-1" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">I</h2>
				<p epub:type="title">Quite a Young Girl</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Salteena was an elderly man of 42 and was fond of asking peaple to stay with him. He had quite a young girl staying with him of 17 named Ethel Monticue. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Salteena had dark short hair and mustache and wiskers which were very black and twisty. He was middle sized and he had very pale blue eyes. He had a pale brown suit but on Sundays he had a black one and he had a topper every day as he thorght it more becoming. Ethel Monticue had fair hair done on the top and blue eyes. She had a blue velvit frock which had grown rarther short in the sleeves. She had a black straw hat and kid gloves.</p>
			<p>One morning <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Salteena came down to brekfast and found Ethel had come down first which was strange. Is the tea made Ethel he said rubbing his hands. Yes said Ethel and such a quear shaped parcel has come for you Yes indeed it was a quear shape parcel it was a hat box tied down very tight and a letter stuffed between the string. Well well said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Salteena parcels do turn quear I will read the letter first and so saying he tore open the letter and this is what it said</p>
			<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header>
					<p epub:type="z3998:salutation">My dear Alfred.</p>
				</header>
				<p>I want you to come for a stop with me so I have sent you a top hat wraped up in tishu paper inside the box. Will you wear it staying with me because it is very uncommon. Please bring one of your young ladies whichever is the prettiest in the face.</p>
				<footer>
					<p epub:type="z3998:valediction">I remain Yours truely</p>
					<p epub:type="z3998:signature">Bernard Clark.</p>
				</footer>
			</blockquote>
			<p>Well said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Salteena I shall take you to stay Ethel and fancy him sending me a top hat. Then <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">S.</abbr> opened the box and there lay the most splendid top hat of a lovly rich tone rarther like grapes with a ribbon round compleat.</p>
			<p>Well said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Salteena peevishly I dont know if I shall like it the bow of the ribbon is too flighty for my age. Then he sat down and eat the egg which Ethel had so kindly laid for him. After he had finished his meal he got down and began to write to Bernard Clark he ran upstairs on his fat legs and took out his blotter with a loud sniff and this is what he wrote</p>
			<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header>
					<p epub:type="z3998:salutation">My dear Bernard</p>
				</header>
				<p>Certinly I shall come and stay with you next Monday I will bring Ethel Monticue commonly called Miss <abbr class="eoc" epub:type="z3998:personal-name">M.</abbr> She is very active and pretty. I do hope I shall enjoy myself with you. I am fond of digging in the garden and I am parshial to ladies if they are nice I suppose it is my nature. I am not quite a gentleman but you would hardly notice it but cant be helped anyhow. We will come by the 3⁠–⁠15.</p>
				<footer>
					<p epub:type="z3998:valediction">Your old and valud friend</p>
					<p epub:type="z3998:signature">Alfred Salteena.</p>
				</footer>
			</blockquote>
			<p>Perhaps my readers will be wondering why Bernard Clark had asked <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Salteena to stay with him. He was a lonely man in a remote spot and he liked peaple and partys but he did not know many. What rot muttered Bernard Clark as he read <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Salteenas letter. He was rarther a presumshious man.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
